# Time-Server Demo

## What is it?
This is a simple server which has two endpoints. A health-check endpoint, `/health`, which returns `OK` if the server is alive and a time endpoint, `/time`, which returns the current timestamp.

## Information

### Generated vs Human
* The code in this project was generated by a TCN program, using ChatGPT 3.5 API.
* Each generated file has a commented out block showing "example usage". The comment tags were added by a human around generated examples.
* The word `javascript` was at the top of every generated file. These were removed by a human.
* The `index.js` file was created by a human, copy-and-pasting from each of the generated example comments.
* The `index.js` file has comments showing what sections were human written, versus which were copy-and-pasted generated code.

### Why is this interesting?
* The human input was three terms: "REST Server", "Time Endpoint", "Health Check Endpoint".
* The TCN generated the code with ChatGPT 3.5 API, and wrote out to each `_CHUNK` file.
* So the TCN-LLM system was given a high-level set of requests and created 90% of the code for a working example.

### How can it be improved?
* Automatic stripping of excess returned by the LLMs.
* Several TCN model improvements.
* Automatic `index.js` file generation.
* Improved naming of includes.
* Less rough edges in the generated code, thereby requiring less manual human cleanup.

## Date
October 22nd 2023 (Original)
October 23rd 2023 (Updated Documentation)

## Author
Joseph Juma